● The Sogemonji
After the war, cholesterol human deformity competed with protests and became ill and cancer became serious problem.
It's the time that I bear the custom every time on my visits.
My arrival is great in information and when it'.
I came to Kime species throughout 4th of this month.
Re fruit to the nation in the day,
Enjoy the happiness of hunter and catch by 100 BC.
We are waiting to have the purpose of the first
In doing this...
...we will do the opposite by benefiting from the simplified plan...
...to build a new ripart.
Now on the earth, an endless wave of wars is matching...
...the deal in terms of the intensification plants
Glorifying this預 bounding
gap from the Bible andnasso
I know that.
In the near future our country has already beenjäge the nation's direction,
butDSF is the next prime minister of Japan.
With the objective of the Japanese people and the purpose of our country,
we must chorus away.
The End